Alright!
Let's get the command-line tool installed on
your laptop.
Three steps. Open the install page, pick
your operating system, then paste the command
into your terminal.
Head to the install page and scroll down to the quick
install section. It generates the right one-liner
for whatever platform you're on.
Here we go. Paste the install command into
your terminal and let it run. The script
verifies your platform, downloads the latest stable
binary, and drops it into your home directory
. No system-wide install, no sudo. Watch
it work. The binary is on disk
and you can call it from any shell.
Install done. The rdc binary
is on your path.
Install done. Let's confirm it. The version
flag prints what just got installed, so we
know it's on your path.
Version printed. You're good to go.
The command-line tool lives on your laptop. The
server runs a separate component called renet,
which the CLI provisions and drives over SSH
, so you never need to log in manually.
That's the install done. Next up, we'll
set up your SSH key so the CLI
can reach your servers.